README.md, before:

# SWAMS
Allows you to use metatables within stormworks, made specifically for use with addons.

## WIP: VERY UNSTABLE
This script is still in heavy development, and fails in alot of cases
This will very likely break your outputted scripts
This will very likely not work as intended
This will very likely error

As of current, this script is not in a spot for use yet.

## How to use

### Users
If you are a user, then you don't need to do anything for this to work, this all is setup when the script is compiled, so it will not require you to do anything

### Developers

Currently incomplete, due to the script not being easily flexible yet, once it's easier I'll update this.
To use this script
- Copy LICENSE and Metatables.lua file into your addon's directory, under a subdirectory of SWAMS
- Require this script in ``_buildacions.lua`` and call it in ``onLBBuildFileComplete()``

## FAQ

### Horrible Code?
This is still in heavy development, and is the first time I've been doing something like this, so sorry that the code is pretty bad. I've been pushing aside well written/performing code as alot of times I'm just trying out something to see if it works.

### Performance?
This will have a performance impact due to the fact that it's adding function calls, however it shouldn't be too much of a performance difference from normal metatables.

### Memory Usage Benifets?
This should give you the same memory usage Benifets as normal metatables. It assigns an id to each metatable and when metamethods are called, it will try to index a table with that id for the metamethod, so the metamethods are not duplicated for each metatable.

### Accuracy to Real Metatables
The behaviour of the metatables I test in normal lua, and then I replicate it's behaviour for this, so it should behave the exact same, however, if you notice any inaccuracies, please let me know.

### Differences from Real Metatables
The main difference from real Metatables is that it will add a value to your table which you make a metatable, __TEA_metatable_id, this is to ensure the metatable it uses will always stay with the table, otherwise there would be issues with reloading the script, and also with tracking the table.

## Known Issues
- Struggles with nested metatables
- Struggles with arithmetic metatables on the same line
- Unable to trace through "pairs", "ipairs" and "next"
- sometimes will insert improperly

## Features

### Current
- Features
	 - Ability to use metatables in SW
- Functions
     - setmetatable
- Metamethods
	 - Arithmetic
       - __add (+)
       - __sub (-)
       - __mul (*)
       - __div (/)
       - __mod (%)
	   - __unm (-x)
	 - Behavioural
       - __index

### Planned
Let me know if anything is missing here which you think should be included.
- Features
     - Save metatable ids to file to ensure they stay the same, to ensure backwards compatibility.
- Functions
     - getmetatable
     - rawset
     - rawget
- Metamethods
     - Arithmetic
       - __pow (^)
       - __idiv (//)
     - Behavioural
       - __newindex
       - __call
       - __tostring
       - __metatable
       - __name
       - __pairs
     - Relational
       - __eq (==)
       - __lt (<)
       - __le (<=)
     - Bitwise
       - __band (&)
       - __bor (|)
       - __bxor (binary ~)
       - __bnot (unary ~)
       - __shl (<<)
       - __shr (>>)
     - Misc
       - __concat (..)
       - __len (#)

Commit message:

(0.0.1.9)
- updated the format of the license comment.
- removed unused param "text" from isString
- removed some unused variables
- optimised getVariableGraph by having it check if its a string a bit earlier
- getVariableGraph now properly checks if the lua word is a comment, now properly handles block comments as well.
- removed some redundant code
- removed some old debug
- fixed issue when inserting into all indecies, it would edit the other variables it inserted, now makes a deep copy of the node data when doing so.
- fixed issue where mergeVariableScopeGraphReferences would also be modiying the input graph, now makes a deep copy of the input graph.
- added debug message in getVariableScopeGraph when the variable does not exist in parsed data
- fixed issue where sometimes the references in node data would get deleted
- fixed issue when checking if a variable is aliased, specifically it would break for matching against function calls, as it had the parametres on the string as well.
- checking if we can iter an alias variable now has its own table in avoids, "alias", instead of sharing "function" which could've caused issues.
- added debug message when it cannot iter an alias variable.
- added missing code to insert the return traces into the graph
- fixed the way it detected setmetatables, specifically when it would have multiple places where it would be set to the same metatable, it wouln't add some other setmetatables.
- added message saying specifically what metatable its tracing through, in smart detection mode.
- now returns the edited script_text at the end.

README.md, after:

# SWAMS
Allows you to use metatables within stormworks, made specifically for use with addons.

## WIP: VERY UNSTABLE
This script is still in heavy development, and fails in alot of cases
This will very likely break your outputted scripts
This will very likely not work as intended
This will very likely error

As of current, this script is not in a spot for use yet.

## How to use

### Users
If you are a user, then you don't need to do anything for this to work, this all is setup when the script is compiled, so it will not require you to do anything

### Developers

Currently incomplete, due to the script not being easily flexible yet, once it's easier I'll update this.
To use this script
- Copy LICENSE and Metatables.lua file into your addon's directory, under a subdirectory of SWAMS
- Require this script in ``_buildacions.lua`` and call it in ``onLBBuildFileComplete()``

## FAQ

### Horrible Code?
This is still in heavy development, and is the first time I've been doing something like this, so sorry that the code is pretty bad. I've been pushing aside well written/performing code as alot of times I'm just trying out something to see if it works.

### Performance?
This will have a performance impact due to the fact that it's adding function calls, however it shouldn't be too much of a performance difference from normal metatables.

### Memory Usage Benifets?
This should give you the same memory usage Benifets as normal metatables. It assigns an id to each metatable and when metamethods are called, it will try to index a table with that id for the metamethod, so the metamethods are not duplicated for each metatable.

### Accuracy to Real Metatables
The behaviour of the metatables I test in normal lua, and then I replicate it's behaviour for this, so it should behave the exact same, however, if you notice any inaccuracies, please let me know.

### Differences from Real Metatables
The main difference from real Metatables is that it will add a value to your table which you make a metatable, __TEA_metatable_id, this is to ensure the metatable it uses will always stay with the table, otherwise there would be issues with reloading the script, and also with tracking the table.

## Known Issues
- Struggles with nested metatables
- Struggles with arithmetic metatables on the same line
- Unable to trace through "pairs", "ipairs" and "next"
- sometimes will insert improperly
- if you create a function like "TEAMatrix:newEmpty()", but then call it with "TEAMatrix.newEmpty()", it will not trace properly. And vice versa.

## Features

### Current
- Features
	 - Ability to use metatables in SW
- Functions
     - setmetatable
- Metamethods
	 - Arithmetic
       - __add (+)
       - __sub (-)
       - __mul (*)
       - __div (/)
       - __mod (%)
	   - __unm (-x)
	 - Behavioural
       - __index

### Planned
Let me know if anything is missing here which you think should be included.
- Features
     - Save metatable ids to file to ensure they stay the same, to ensure backwards compatibility.
- Functions
     - getmetatable
     - rawset
     - rawget
- Metamethods
     - Arithmetic
       - __pow (^)
       - __idiv (//)
     - Behavioural
       - __newindex
       - __call
       - __tostring
       - __metatable
       - __name
       - __pairs
     - Relational
       - __eq (==)
       - __lt (<)
       - __le (<=)
     - Bitwise
       - __band (&)
       - __bor (|)
       - __bxor (binary ~)
       - __bnot (unary ~)
       - __shl (<<)
       - __shr (>>)
     - Misc
       - __concat (..)
       - __len (#)
